[Music]
once I have a target I don't let it get
away that trick again 0 6 2 3 comma 4
correction no 0 6 2 0 and lock are you
ready to battle 3
amazing Capricorn's direction
but how did you you underestimate me you
got excited and show too many of your
secrets even with Capricorn special
performance tip there are rules limiting
the directions it can rebound so now
they are in the base stadium I've
already seen your moves and here I
thought you would be a challenging
opponent what a shame
I didn't give you quite enough credit
then did I who do you think I am
but you gotta wonder will it backfire on
him
this is a little something just for you
the stadium is covered in holes what is
this guy got mine no worries it's time
to show you capricorns real power
so what are you gonna do what's wrong
lion got your tongue it looks like
you're roaring days are over tough guy
I guess the lion is now chop me huh
I Jack me more how do you lock your
senses because you know you're gonna
lose you don't need to tell me to attack
it never gives up no matter what is
going on Chuya you're up to something
you planned this this is the first time
I've felt this way since I left on this
journey thanks Toby oh you've given me a
decent challenge for the first time in a
long
that's it show me all the you got she
bows every trick and then I defeat you
the only one left standing watch what
you say you'll regret
[Music]
mission is complete
Ginga
Ginga space spirit and his paces
don't feel too embarrassed you should
feel pretty good that you made me use my
special move like that mission and
complete the winner
[Applause]